+++
date = "2003-09-04T19:49:00-04:00"
draft = false

[extra]
stats_word_count = 450
stats_reading_time = 3
exclude_from_feed = true
source_url = "https://mlm361.micro.blog/2003/09/04/henry-eye-vet-update-i/"
+++

<b><i><u>Henry Eye Vet Update</u></i></b>:  I took Henry to the Eye Vet yesterday for a check up to make sure the pressure was staying down still. Well, no it was back up in the 40's. So they medicine worked for a while. I have come to the hard conclusion that I am going to have to a procedure done just to his left eye that would basically kill that eye. That way he is in no pain. He will be blind in that eye but will not be in pain and not have to take medicine that is not working. I can tell when the eye bothers him he whines. The other alternative was to try a procedure that saves the eye. However, it is not guarantee to work and stick and it costs $1500 and up depending on how long he has to stay at the Vets. Usually it is 3 days. But, again no guarantee. Also, the Vet is unsure if he has lost any vision and is just see shadows in that eye. They have no way of telling if he has lost vision. The other procedure to kill the eye takes only a few minutes is not that invasive and will take about a couple weeks to kill the eye. Henry would only be on medication to help comfort the eye until it dies. This procedure costs $650 and is guarantee to end the pain. He will still have the right eye and the pressures in that eye have remained low and the right eye did not have complications. The left eye did and has had all bad things happened to it. The right eye was quite healthy when the cataract was removed and the cataract was very small in that eye. So, he will have one good eye. I think I am going have to do the least costly and ultimately the best thing for him. <br />I saw a completed blind dog at the eye Vet the other day and he got around pretty good. Henry wont be completely blind just in the left eye. I hope he can forgive me for doing this but I think it will be the best for him in the long run. <br /><br />On the work front. I started with a new team and I don't know anybody on it. The same nice enough but would prefer to work with people I know. We will see how it works out. Hopefully, a couple of friends of mine will end up on the same team and this would make it more tolerable. Also, at least on this new team I will have all major holidays off this year like Thanksgiving and Christmas.