+++
date = "2010-05-30T12:12:00-04:00"
draft = false
title = "Still working on the website"

[extra]
stats_word_count = 459
stats_reading_time = 3
exclude_from_feed = true
source_url = "https://mlm361.micro.blog/2010/05/30/still-working-on-the-website/"
+++

<p>Well, I hope people stop by and liked how the redesign is going. I am almost done with it. Still may be a couple of months. I love technology. However, I hate having to use so many different programs for different things. </p>  <p>This has been my second weekend off in a month. I can’t believe I have had two weekends off in one month. Next month looks to be the same. Also, I will start a new position at Moffitt at the end of June or the beginning of July. It will require me to work midnights again. But, I thought I would mind. But, I don’t. It means more money, not actually a pay raise but shift differential. This should add about 10000 in yearly income, at least I hope. Second, I will be working basically a Monday through Friday shift. I will be off every Saturday and Sunday night. I am looking forward to it. </p>  <p>I work on Monday, Memorial Day. But, that is ok. I will be getting time and a half. Also, I downloaded the new official, not beta, version of Microsoft Office 2010. I like it. It is way better than Office 2007. Only feature I miss is from Office 2003, where you can change the stationary in Outlook. I got it for 9.95 from the Microsoft Use at Home program through work. However, I will still have to buy a shrink wrap version as on of my computers I am using 64 bit for almost everything. </p>  <p>On the weight front. I have not lost any more, but, haven’t gained anymore either. I am holding steady. I think my body is becoming used to the Phenteramine. However, I am not showing any signs of needing it every day. I skip yesterday’s dose all together. My appetite did not increase so that’s good. </p>  <p>Well, that is it for now. Remember you can follow me on Twitter. Stop by my website and follow me other ways. I am going to strive to blog and twitter more through out the year. I am contemplating deleting my Facebook account. Because I don’t like their privacy policies. The only reason I use it because I have found a lot of people for my past. </p>  <p>Well, from me, Henry and Taco (my dogs), take care and be safe. And remember you never know when the Lord will call us away. So be prepared. </p>  <p>   <br />Quote of the Day:     <br />Confidence and enthusiasm are the greatest sales producers in any kind of economy.     <br />--O. B. Smith</p>  <table border="1"><tbody>     <tr>       <td><b><a href="http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm+56%3A4&amp;version=NIV">Psalm 56:4</a></b>“In God, whose word I praise, in God I trust; I will not be afraid. What can mortal man do to me?”           <br />          <br />Brought to you by <a href="http://www.biblegateway.com">BibleGateway.com</a>. Copyright (C) . All Rights Reserved.</td>     </tr>   </tbody></table>  <p>   <br /></p><div class="wlWriterHeaderFooter" style="margin:0px; padding:0px 0px 0px 0px;"><br /><br /><script type="text/javascript"><br /></script><br /><script type="text/javascript" src="http://tweetmeme.com/i/scripts/button.js"></script></div>  