+++
date = "2011-01-01T11:38:00-05:00"
draft = false
title = "Welcome 2011"

[extra]
exclude_from_feed = true
source_url = "https://mlm361.micro.blog/2011/01/01/welcome/"
+++

<p>Well, it is another year. I pray this one is a lot better than last year. I was reflecting last night how if I was still in law enforcement, I would have only 4 years to go to full retirement. However, I don’t know if I would have lived longer than 5 years after that. I would probably be about 250 to 260 pounds. Plus have full blown diabetes and still probably would have had glaucoma in my right eye. On top of that the citizens of Hillsborough County would have drove me nuts. </p> <p>I am thankful to the Lord for telling me to leave when I did. I have pre-diabetes. Still have glaucoma in my right eye and have lost 26 pounds in the last year. I did it slowly over the course of the year and I am maintaining my weight. I plan on talking to my doctor again and see if I can go back on the Phenteramine. I seem to hold my weight once I lose it thanks to the those pills. </p> <p>I am hoping to pay down more debt this year. I am hoping. I pray that the Lord will give me enough of a pay raise to help accomplish a 15 percent reduction in my overall debt. I would like to also build up a reserve this year of at least 10 percent of my salary. I would also like to use cash to pay for as much as possible. By the end of the year I hope I can reach these goals along with being at 199 pounds in weight. I would also like to be able to start back to College to head to my goal within the next five years to finally graduate and get a job in the IT industry. My long term goal is to be living in Paris, Tennessee by the time I am 52. Let’s pray all this works out. </p> <p>That is my short term and long term goals for the years to come. Hope everyone had a great New Year’s Eve. I worked but it was an easy night. So, easy I can’t even sleep today. </p><div class="wlWriterHeaderFooter" style="margin:0px; padding:0px 0px 0px 0px;"><br /><br /><script type="text/javascript"><br /></script><br /><script type="text/javascript" src="http://tweetmeme.com/i/scripts/button.js"></script></div>  